# STLC Tutorial using Locally Nameless representation

An interactive tutorial on specifying and implementing the simply-typed
lambda calculus in Coq.

_Copied from https://github.com/DeepSpec/dsss17/tree/master/Stlc_

## Installation

  This tutorial depends on the `Metalib.Metatheory` library.
  Make sure that you compile and install this library _first_.

## Contents

Read through the tutorial files in this order.

     Lec1.v            - First set of lecture notes
     Definitions.v     - Specification of STLC using locally nameless
                         representation (LN)
     Lec2.v            - LN continued: type soundness for STLC
     Lemmas.v          - Auxiliary lemmas about LN, generated by LNgen tool

## Extra

The `extra` directory includes files and recipes that were used to generate
the some of the above definitions and lemmas, using
the [Ott](http://www.cl.cam.ac.uk/~pes20/ott/)
and [LNgen](https://github.com/plclub/lngen) tools.

     stlc.ott          - Ott specification of STLC
     stlc.mng          - LaTeX source
     gen.mk            - Makefile recipes for invoking Ott/LNgen/LaTex

     stlc.pdf          - PDF version of rules
     Stlc.v            - Ott-generated version of `Definitions.v`
     Stlc_inf.v        - LNgen generated version of `Lemmas.v`

  If you have Ott and LNgen installed, you may also generate the files above.

    `make -f gen.mk stlc.pdf`
    `make -f gen.mk Stlc.v`
    `make -f gen.mk Stlc_inf.v`

## Credits

 Tutorial author: Stephanie Weirich, based on prior a tutorial by Brian
 Aydemir and Stephanie Weirich, with help from Aaron Bohannon, Nate Foster,
 Benjamin Pierce, Jeffrey Vaughan, Dimitrios Vytiniotis, and Steve
 Zdancewic.  Adapted from code by Arthur Chargu'eraud.
